feat: update automatic tagging decision (#61)
openedx/openedx-learning: docs/decisions/0013-system-taxonomy-auto-tagging.rst

Context
--------

One main characteristic of system-defined taxonomies is automatic content tagging.
It is necessary to implement this functionality when the associated content is created or edited.

Decision
---------

Events
~~~~~~~~

It is necessary to create `events`_ for each content for creation/edition: ``CourseCreation``, ``LibraryCreation``, etc.

> This events will live on ``openedx-events``.

Reviewer: Could you add a link here, and expand it [below](https://github.com/openedx/openedx-learning/pull/61/files#diff-2113051e4c045e58c5e9eed6c560e78598409cca5f91a830e601703a1256b5b3R45)?
```suggestion
This events will live in `openedx-events`_.
```

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Implement a function to add the tag from the content metadata and register that function
as a Django signal. This works for Django database models, but some of the content lives in Mongo,
outside of the Django models. Also, using openedx-filters is better in the edx context, but if there is
other no-edX project that need to use ``openedx-tagging``, can use the Django Signals approach.

openedx-filters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Use `openedx-filters`_ to create a `filter`_ call `the auto tagging pipeline`_ after content
> creation/edition. Although this approach works, there are more suitable options. Filters are

Reviewer: nits:
```suggestion
Use `openedx-filters`_ to create a `filter`_ which calls `the auto tagging pipeline`_ after content
creation/editing. Although this approach works, there are more suitable options. Filters are
```
